:FigwheelOptions

Figwheel Server and System Options.

  :FigwheelOptions [:CreateExampleMap :css-dirs]

:http-server-root

Figwheel relies on the compojure.route/resources handler to serve
static files. This serves resources on the classpath from a specific
subdirectory. The default is "public" so any file on the resource path
in a "public" subdirectory is capable of being served.

You can change the default "public" to something else. But you can't
have a blank :http-server-root this can lead to insidious compiler
problems because the compiler also looks up resources when it looks
for source files.
Default: "public"

  :http-server-root "public"

:server-port

An integer that the figwheel HTTP and Websocket server should bind.
Default: 3449

  :server-port 3000

:server-ip

The network interface that the figwheel server will listen on. This is
useful if you don't want to use a public network interface.
Default: "localhost"

  :server-ip "0.0.0.0"

:css-dirs

A vector of paths from the project root to the location of your css
files. These files will be watched for changes and the figwheel client
will attempt to reload them.

  :css-dirs ["resources/public/css"]

:builds-to-start

A vector of build ids that you would like figwheel to start building
when you invoke lein figwheel without arguments.

  :builds-to-start ["dev" "test"]

:load-all-builds 

A Boolean value that specifies wether or not to load all the
ClojureScript builds that are available in your config.  When these
builds are loaded all of their source paths are added to the classpath.

This can result in load conflicts if you are overloading a Clojure
namespace.

If your project.clj contains conflicting builds, you can choose to
only load the builds specified on the command line or in
:builds-to-start by setting :load-all-builds to false.

Default value: true

  :load-all-builds false

:open-file-command

A path to an executable shell script that will be passed a file and
line information for a particular compilation error or warning.

A script like this would work
ie. in  ~/bin/myfile-opener
#! /bin/sh
emacsclient -n +$2 $1

  :open-file-command "myfile-opener"

:ring-handler

If you want to embed a ring handler into the figwheel http-kit server;
this is for simple ring servers, if this doesn't work for you just run
your own server.
Default: Off

  :ring-handler example.core/my-server-handler

:repl

A Boolean value indicated wether to run a ClojureScript REPL after the
figwheel process has launched.
Default: true

  :repl false

:nrepl-port

An integer indicating that you would like figwheel to launch nREPL
from within the figwheel process and what port you would like it to
launch on.
Default: off

  :nrepl-port 7888

:nrepl-host

If the :nrepl-port is provided Figwheel will launch an nREPL server
into the figwheel compilation process.  :nrepl-host is a string which
specifies which local network interface you want to launch the server on.

  :nrepl-host "localhost"

:nrepl-middleware

A vector of strings indicating the nREPL middleware you want included
when nREPL launches.

  :nrepl-middleware ["cider.nrepl/cider-middleware" "cemerick.piggieback/wrap-cljs-repl"]

:validate-config

Set this to false to skip the configuration validation.
Default: true

  :validate-config false

:hawk-options 

If you need to watch files with polling instead of FS events. This can
be useful for certain docker environments.

  :hawk-options {:watcher :polling}

:ansi-color-output

Figwheel makes an effort to provide colorful text output. If you need
to prevent ANSI color codes in figwheel output set :ansi-color-output
to false.  Default: true

  :ansi-color-output false
